Updates hardware readmes (#443)
NUbots/NUbots: module/platform/cm740/HardwareIO/README.md

This module reads the current status of the CM740 90 times per second and
emits it as a `message::platform::RawSensors` object. This includes the CM740 error
code, LEDs, buttons, voltage, accelerometer, gyroscope, left and right

> force-sensing resistors and each servo. Darwin robots have head and eye LEDs which are
> referred to in this module and can be read from the CM740,
> however the NUgus robot does not utilise this capability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
force-sensing resistors and each servo. CM740s have the ability to connect to head and eye LEDs and force-sensing resistors which are
referred to in this module and can be read from the CM740,
however the NUgus robot does not utilise these capabilities at present.
```

This module reads the current status of the CM740 90 times per second and
emits it as a `message::platform::RawSensors` object. This includes the CM740 error
code, LED panel, head and eye LED colour, buttons, voltage, accelerometer,
gyroscope, left and right force-sensing resistors and each servo.

To change the colour of the NUgus' head or eye LEDs, emit a
`message::platform::RawSensors::EyeLED` or `message::platform::RawSensors::HeadLED`

> containing the colour you wish to set them to.

Reviewer: The functionality still exists (the CM740 still has the hardware connections available to connect up these LEDs), not the modules fault that we don't take advantage of it.
